project-name/README.md, before:

# Base pipeline 

This micro services is base micro services. 

### Build
```
make docker-build
```

### Run micro services
```
docker run -v /local-path/secrets/pulse:/app/pulse-secret \
           -v /local-path/secrets/db-secret:/app/db-secret \
           -e APP_PULSE_SECRET=/app/pulse-secret \
           -e APP_DB_SECRET=/app/db-secret \
           containers.mpi-internal.com/yapo/data-pipeline-base:[TAG]
```

### Run micro services with parameters

```
docker run -v /local-path/secrets/pulse:/app/pulse-secret \
           -v /local-path/secrets/db-secret:/app/db-secret \
           -e APP_PULSE_SECRET=/app/pulse-secret \
           -e APP_DB_SECRET=/app/db-secret \
           containers.mpi-internal.com/yapo/data-pipeline-base:[TAG] \
           -date_from=YYYY-MM-DD \
           -date_to=YYYY-MM-DD
```

### Adding Rundeck token to Travis

If we need to import a job into Rundeck, we can use the Rundeck API
sending an HTTTP POST request with the access token of an account.
To add said token to Travis (allowing travis to send the request),
first, we enter the user profile:
```
<rundeck domain>:4440/user/profile
```
And copy or create a new user token.

Then enter the project settings page in Travis
```
htttp://<travis server>/<registry>/<project>/settings
```
And add the environment variable RUNDECK_TOKEN, with value equal
to the copied token

Commit message:

Add template for documentation of the pipeline

project-name/README.md, after:

# Base pipeline 

# data-pipeline-base

## Description

Introduce here information about the purpose of this ETL, what kind of information it extracts and from where (dwh, pulse, blocket DB, service DB, specifics files, etc) and also specify other important tecnical details such as: execution preconditions, considerations about execution schedule.

## Pipeline Implementation Details

|   Field           | Description                                                                |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Input Source      | Specify type of source and/or table names                                  |
| Output Source     | Specify type of source and/or table names                                  |
| Schedule          | hh:mm                                                                      |
| Github Repository | Link to the folder in github that will contain the sources of the pipeline |
| Rundeck Access    | Specify rundeck environment (test/data jobs) and rundeck ETL name          |
| Associated Report | Specify name and URL of tableau report (if applies)                        |


### Build
```
make docker-build
```

### Run micro services
```
docker run -v /local-path/secrets/pulse:/app/pulse-secret \
           -v /local-path/secrets/db-secret:/app/db-secret \
           -e APP_PULSE_SECRET=/app/pulse-secret \
           -e APP_DB_SECRET=/app/db-secret \
           containers.mpi-internal.com/yapo/data-pipeline-base:[TAG]
```

### Run micro services with parameters

```
docker run -v /local-path/secrets/pulse:/app/pulse-secret \
           -v /local-path/secrets/db-secret:/app/db-secret \
           -e APP_PULSE_SECRET=/app/pulse-secret \
           -e APP_DB_SECRET=/app/db-secret \
           containers.mpi-internal.com/yapo/data-pipeline-base:[TAG] \
           -date_from=YYYY-MM-DD \
           -date_to=YYYY-MM-DD
```

### Adding Rundeck token to Travis

If we need to import a job into Rundeck, we can use the Rundeck API
sending an HTTTP POST request with the access token of an account.
To add said token to Travis (allowing travis to send the request),
first, we enter the user profile:
```
<rundeck domain>:4440/user/profile
```
And copy or create a new user token.

Then enter the project settings page in Travis
```
htttp://<travis server>/<registry>/<project>/settings
```
And add the environment variable RUNDECK_TOKEN, with value equal
to the copied token
